README.md, before:

# Employee-Tracker

A command line application that allows the user to manipulate data in a SQL database.

# Description



# Table of Contents

* Built With
* Installation
* Usage
* License
* Link
* Screenshots
* Video
* Questions

# Built With:

* Uses the [Inquirer package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer) to interact with the user via the command line.

* Uses the [MySQL2 package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mysql2) to connect to MySQL database and perform queries.

* Uses the [console.table package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/console.table) to print MySQL rows to the console.

# Installation

Run the following commands for installation:

```bash
npm init
```

```bash
npm install inquirer
```

```bash
npm install --save mysql2
```

```bash
npm install console.table --save
```

# Usage

The application will be invoked by using the following command:

```bash
npm start
```

# License

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

# Link

Refer to Video section for walkthrough video links on functionality.

# Screenshots

# Video

# Questions

If you have any other questions or comments you can contact me at:
   <br>
   My GitHub: https://github.com/Faizila

Commit message:

added search function to prompt user in server.js and added description in README

README.md, after:

# Employee-Tracker

A command line application that allows the user to manipulate data in a SQL database.

# Description

Employee Management System is a command line application that allows the user to manipulate data in a SQL database.

# Table of Contents

* Built With
* Installation
* Usage
* License
* Link
* Screenshots
* Video
* Questions

# Built With:

* Uses the [Inquirer package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer) to interact with the user via the command line.

* Uses the [MySQL2 package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mysql2) to connect to MySQL database and perform queries.

* Uses the [console.table package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/console.table) to print MySQL rows to the console.

# Installation

Run the following commands for installation:

```bash
npm init
```

```bash
npm install inquirer
```

```bash
npm install --save mysql2
```

```bash
npm install console.table --save
```

# Usage

The application will be invoked by using the following command:

```bash
npm start
```

# License

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

# Link

Refer to Video section for walkthrough video links on functionality.

# Screenshots

# Video

# Questions

If you have any other questions or comments you can contact me at:
   <br>
   My GitHub: https://github.com/Faizila
